Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Production Companies: Phantom Film
Happinet / Horipro / Shueisha
Based on the Novel
by Ira Ishida
Music: Yoshihiro Hanno
Written and Directed by
Daisuke Miura
I'll be back before it gets dark.
Be a good boy and stay warm in bed.
Alright. Ryo?
Mom...
You're awake?
You were agitated.
So many books.
What is this?
Plato? That's a tough one.
I don't understand a word.
Are you a Tech University Student?
Yeah.
I'll tell my friends I slept
with a university student.
CALL BOY
Megumi: Did you skip class again?
Welcome.
I'm supposed to meet someone.
Please.
Sorry. I'm late.
I just arrived.
Hey.
Let me introduce you.
This is Ryo. We were classmates
in middle school.
This is Nido Shizuka.
She's great.
- Where's the bathroom?
- Over there.
I'll be waiting.
Dude. she's loaded.
She came to our host club last week.
Of all the boys. she
picked me right away.
Well. of course she did!
Today's our first date outside
of the club.
But we haven't had sex yet.
- You know why?
- No.
A rich lady will pay more
if you keep her waiting.
Let's have a contest.
I can mix better cocktails
than the bartender.
If he says so.
Sounds interesting.
How can I lose to
such an uptight guy?
If you'd just loosen up a bit.
you'd have a girlfriend.
But he wasn't always so austere.
Women bore me.
He was almost as successful as me.
Here you go.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
- How is mine?
- Really good.
Now the other one.
So. do I win the contest?
Yours is good for a quick shot.
Ryo's cocktail should be savored.
- Come on.
- Can we move on?
- With pleasure.
- On my tab.
Thank you.
I'll be waiting outside
when you close up.
Where's Shinyo?
I'm done with him.
I'm more interested in you.
Let's go.
- Where to?
- To my place.
Do you have class tomorrow?
I'll manage.
I don't learn anything there anyway.
Earlier you said
that women bore you.
Does sex bore you too?
Sex is just a natural
chore we must fulfill.
You really think so?
Maybe you can fulfill it with me.
Sure.
I wasn't going straight
home today anyway.
It's all the same to me.
Alright then.
- I'll take a shower.
- No!
I am your mistress...
I want to taste your sperm.
I want to check how naturally clean
you are and learn about your habits.
So?
Shall we start?
You will do it with this girl.
Sakura. please say hello.
This is Ryo.
She is pleased to meet you.
Sakura was born deaf.
But she can read your lips.
Now let's see how you can perform.
I'll be sitting there.
Is that alright?
Let's start.
I'm sorry. Sakura!
I can't hold back anymore!
Thank you.
The shower is at the
end of the corridor.
How was it?
My performance?
Your performance...
Here's 5000 yen.
It was hardly worth more.
Sakura. thank you.
You can rest in the other room.
What is it?
You barely passed.
You can thank Sakura.
Passed what?
The passion test.
Do you want to work in my club?
It's a place where ladies meet
younger men.
It's sometimes called a boys club.
The boys earn a minimum
of 10000 yen an hour.
You have passed the test
for that minimum wage.
They are... male prostitutes.
Generally speaking. yes. but women
are more refined than men.
Usually they'll just take
you to a play or to have dinner.
Are you planning to have that boring
kind of sex forever?
It seems Sakura fancies you.
I'm not too keen on
your performance.
You don't open your
heart to your partner.
You didn't pay
attention to her signs.
If you did this. you'd be marvelous
but you're stuck in your own world.
First.
don't tell women they're boring.
You'll find passion only as
much as you can inspire it.
What you consider boring is in fact
wonderful. if you engage in this world.
You can't keep
denying women and sex.
If you'll accept to work in my club.
give me a response by tomorrow.
Dear Ryo!
Sorry. I'm not a skilled writer.
It was wonderful last night...
I really enjoyed it.
Don't call me if you didn't feel
the same.
I'll work hard on Plato
for the next time we meet.
Morinaka Ryo Student ID #B151059 Student of Political
Economy since April 1st. 2015 Born November 25th. 1997
You don't need anything fancy.
A simple and modern
look will do fine.
But occasionally you'll
need to be classy.
You'll need something lovely.
Women don't like
pointed shoes on men.
Your underwear should
always be impeccable.
They'll want to see you in it.
I understand.
Is that good enough?
Women are not just
attracted to a pretty face.
Your charm also lies
in your mystery.
Really?
You surprised me.
The way we parted yesterday.
I didn't think you'd call.
- Excuse me.
- Welcome.
Let me introduce you.
This is Ryo. my new recruit.
This is Azuma.
It's a pleasure.
Azuma is specially
assigned to our VIP clients.
Women would pay anything for him.
Please stop. I'm not
doing anything special.
Ryo. you'll have to
take a blood test.
This is a prerequisite to work here.
Yes.
I don't know Madam
Shizuka's opinion. but...
I can tell that you'll
be very popular.
I don't think I'm that...
You will most definitely be.
There.
This week's class notes
and textbook copies.
You have to attend classes.
Many people start to look for
a job in their third year.
- What are you having?
- Campari Soda.
- Are you offering?
- Of course.
Hi.
You're here. Megumi!
Stop it!
Look. while this guy is skipping
classes I'm working seriously.
- Being a host is a serious job?
- I'm always serious about sex.
- I have both skill and experience.
- You're a perv.
Sex is a science in my opinion.
Surely not.
But an orgasm requires skill.
What do women consider good sex?
Is there an experience women
would give anything for?
What got into you?
Are you serious?
Please. I'd like to know.
Well. as you might know we want
the man we love to be passionate.
- What if there's no love?
- I can't tell you that.
I wouldn't do it without love.
For example. women who
go abroad for casual sex?
How would I know?
Just thinking about it makes
me feel degraded.
And if they catch a
disease. it looks bad.
Right. that's terrible.
Hello.
Ryo. your first assignment.
Shibuya at 2 pm.
Relax. I warmly recommend her.
Please. call me when
you're finished with her.
But. I don't know...
There's nothing to it.
Just pay attention to her.
Use all your senses and
experience to get a feel for her.
Proceed with care.
If an opening presents itself.
seize the opportunity.
Are you Ryo from Club Passion?
Yes.
Pleased to meet you.
You are my first client.
Yes. Madame Shizuka told me.
I'm Hiromi. Please to meet you.
You're a student?
Yes. at the university.
Do you have a lover?
I guess I haven't found the right
person yet.
I see.
I guess you must be surrounded
by many great people.
That's right.
To some extent.
But I don't want to talk about it.
Okay.
How do you feel about
a woman older than you?
What do you mean?
Give me a straight answer.
Well...
Even as a child.
I loved adult woman.
Why do older women view an age
difference almost as a sin?
To me that's the pertinent question.
That's right.
It was a pleasure.
My regards to Madame Shizuka.
See you again.
Thank you.
Hello. Madame Shizuka.
She's gone.
Ryo. your first assignment
was a success.
Are you free tomorrow?
Yes.
Miss Hiromi has booked you again.
Same place. same time.
Keep up the good work.
Did I make a poor
impression yesterday?
I thought you didn't like me.
But I said that I'd see you again.
You see. before going on a date...
Thinking about the moment that lies ahead.
one has that tickle in the heart. right?
I love that tickle.
And if the man is great. sleeping together
on the first date would spoil that emotion.
Can a man understand that emotion?
Some women don't need that emotion.
You mean because they
care for the man?
No.
Disregarding tenderness or love even with their
mind is set on a partner. they delay the pleasure.
But...
It's hard when you have to wait.
That's right.
I want to make love to you now.
Ryo. you're good at this!
Don't. I'm not clean down there!
I want to get to know you
better before we do this.
You can shout if you want.
Ryo!
Please stick it in!
Hurry!
That's what he said.
At that age they're very active.
Rub my clitoris.
Ryo!
Miss Hiromi! Miss Hiromi!
Miss Hiromi!
Miss Hiromi! I'm coming! I'm coming!
Come! Come!
I'm coming!
Ryo. that was incredible.
It's a thirty-minute drive from
my place to my favorite dentist.
- That's really far.
- Right.
Why do you think I
drive that distance?
I don't know.
There's a very simple reason.
Because he's a good dentist?
- Not really.
- He isn't?
Now. I'm really perplexed.
Okay. I'll give you a hint.
Every time I go there. I
have this tickle in my heart.
Ah. I see.
What are you drawing?
Madame Shizuka. I'm finished.
Good job.
Ryo. you're the first of my boys
to get fellated on a first date.
Miss Hiromi called.
She wants to meet only you from
now on.
I see.
This is for the two assignments.
We only deal in cash here.
60% of four hours makes 24000 yen.
What?
I'm earning several times more than
what I used to.
But it's very tiring.
In a good way.
Right.
All the boys must deal with the women's immense
desire and their unpredictability when they start.
They stare into this abyss
with a sense of panic.
Ryo. how do you feel?
I don't feel panic.
I definitely...
I have this urge to get to know
women better.
I see.
I'm counting on you.
So many women to please...
The variety of their
desires is infinite.
In this instant. all these
women are pursuing their desire.
Each in her own way. each singularly
defined by her quest.
Are you Ryo from Club Passion?
Are you Mrs. Etsuki?
What is it?
You are so pretty. so ordinary.
You are very cute and very
ordinary yourself.
What were you reading in the street?
Plato. Have you read him?
Yes. I do enjoy him.
Really?
You're a rare young man.
I've been a reader
since I was a child.
What do you like about Plato?
What I like is...
Socrates discoursing
while walking in nature.
Please. go on.
The river flows and it's so green. The
summer cicadas are almost too loud...
But I'm digressing.
Plato isn't about that.
My favorite part is Phaedrus.
Because he talks about Eros.
Yes.
But more than Eros. I appreciate that all
his discourses start in a casual setting.
Those moments flow as if bathed
in the cicadas' song.
Maybe I felt that way
because I read it in a park.
The cicadas were so loud...
It was as if Socrates and I were
sharing the same space and time.
Excuse me for a moment.
Sorry. I was talking all the time.
After that bottle.
let's go to my place.
A drink?
I'm fine.
Then...
Now it's my turn to talk.
Yes.
Maybe it was in summer...
We were playing dodge-ball
at school. I was sweating.
I drank water until
my stomach swelled.
As usual. I went to the
playground with my friend.
On the way back. we were caught
in a passionate conversation.
Suddenly. my stomach began to hurt.
I couldn't tell him that I wanted
to go to the toilet.
Did you like that boy?
Yes.
And then.
something amazing happened.
As I was pressing my thighs together. the
heat moved from my stomach to place below.
When my friend said we should go back. I
contracted my stomach with my last strength.
I contracted my thighs too...
And that's when it happened.
There was like an explosion in
the lower part of my stomach.
I was standing there. bent forward
and spasms started to shake my body.
And then I peed myself.
The pool was the size
and shape of a manhole.
My friend was gaping and staring.
That was the first
orgasm of my life.
As an adult. even as my experiences accumulated.
nothing ever come close to that ecstasy.
And then I'd let any man in the street
have me. if he'd watch me pee in exchange.
Gradually. I felt the need
to understand myself better.
I looked for an intelligent man
with a literary education like me.
But I never found such a man.
Just now...
I just took a discreet little pee.
Ryo. if you don't want to watch a
middle-aged woman pee. you can leave.
You'll be paid in any case.
Please let me see.
I want to see you pee. Etsuki.
Thank you.
I can't hold it! I'll do it here.
Sure. go ahead.
That was great!
It was as if my whole
stomach were flowing out.
- Your class material.
- Thank you.
- A drink?
- The usual.
A Campari Soda. My treat again.
Ryo. you look different tonight.
You enjoy this new job?
I'm glad I found you.
Could we dine together?
- Well. sure.
- Good.
What's your usual place?
- Sorry. it's a greasy spoon.
- It's fine.
When women grow older. they
don't dare to go to Izakaya anymore.
When a new boy starts with us. I call the
clients and inquire if he's been respectful.
Ryo. you have an
excellent reputation.
Really?
The ladies say they don't feel
the age difference with you.
You must have a special talent.
Hmm?
Well...
It's a bit sad.
if you want to hear it?
My mother died ten years ago.
I was ten and she was thirty-seven.
I had a cold that day and didn't
go to school.
My mom said...
I'll be back before dark.
Be a good boy and stay warm in bed.
- And then she left.
- Alright. Ryo?
She was wearing a formal dress.
I have a recurring dream
about that last time I saw her.
Mom...
In my dream I realize
I can't hold her back.
When my dad came back. he told me that
mom had been urgently hospitalized.
A heart attack.
Mom had collapsed on a
busy street in Yokohama.
After my mom died. I'd ask women about their age and
be filled with an undefinable joy if they were 37.
Since then. the wall broke
between me and older women.
There you are.
It seems. that you're trying to
abide by your mother's final words.
Be a good boy and stay warm in bed.
She was probably very
gentle and beautiful.
Madame Shizuka...
I am sorry.
Could you hug me?
That's how I became a call boy.
Stern faces. beautiful faces...
Some can't hide their fear.
Women come with so
many different faces.
Are you Ryo. from Club Passion?
Yet none of them
showed their desire.
He hasn't touched me since
I gave birth to our child.
A sex-less life.
And if I tell him that I want sex. he replies
that it's indecent to do that to a mother.
Each of them has a story and for some
of them it's just that: A story.
On my way here. I was wondering
what I would say or do.
But even with only that excuse of an
emotion I always found them delightful.
And so I took upon myself to uncover the
secret weakness where their desire lay.
As a call boy I was becoming free.
I'm so scared of him getting mad.
Uncovering the desire in the heart of each
woman. I brought it out into the light.
That's how I thought of
my job as a call boy.
Madame Shizuka. I'm finished now.
And so I pressed on. ever deeper
into the jungle of women's passions.
Excuse me.
I'm Ryo from Club Passion.
Mr. Morinaka. look at me...
I can't embrace my wife.
My cancer treatments
have made me so weak.
My diabetes is not
getting any better either.
And here you are.
I hope you don't mind...
I'm going to be filming the action.
Okay.
Please. take a bath first.
My husband has only a year
and a half left to live.
Sorry to hear that.
But...
I need a favor.
My husband loves to see
me brutally mistreated.
I hate to suffer but please pretend
to handle me roughly.
Please make it as
realistic as possible.
I'm begging you.
Please wear these.
For your anonymity and so that watching
the video will be less painful.
Please begin.
Madam...
Can I tear your dress and underwear?
I'm gonna disgrace you!
Right here in front of
your husband's eyes!
Can you feel it?
How about the other side?
Look at you. you're so hard already.
No. no.
And down here? How about it?
Look at you!
What got you so wet?
Your lady is such a slut.
Come here. you little whore!
Here I come!
I want to hear you.
Darling?
Show us some flesh. there.
Don't! Don't!
Morinaka. keep going!
Right.
Darling! Darling!
I'm coming! I'm gonna finish soon!
Lose the condom and cum on her ass!
Kiko!
You're awesome!
Darling!
Mr. Morinaka.
I shot an excellent video.
I'll send a special
bonus to Madame Shizuka.
Thank you. sir.
You believed that old
man and his young wife?
If that were true. I'd shed a tear.
I went there too once.
This couple is famous
for their plays.
But the wheelchair prop carries
their theater to a new level.
It's kind of sad when she cries.
even though she's acting.
Think about it...
He's so much older than her...
How many good years does
that couple still have?
There...
The special bonus from
the Izumikawa couple.
In our club. receiving a special bonus
for a client. means you are promoted.
Now you are Azuma's equal.
You are promoted to the VIP class.
Nice.
See. I predicted it.
I knew you would succeed.
Azuma...
How did you know?
It's obvious...
You're an ordinary person.
All the boys working with
us are. like. out-of-sync...
Maybe because they're perverted.
How so?
Do you know why I was
promoted to the VIP class?
Why would a guy like me
have so much success?
Because I'm scarred all over.
When pain is inflicted on me. my confused
senses trigger pleasure in my brain.
Thus. I attract all
the wealthy weirdos.
Even if they cut me with a razor. thrice or even
thirty times. the pleasure just intensifies.
I wish I could open my heart
as you did at Izakaya's.
But tonight. I'm opening up to you.
Most people would be grossed out
but you are really listening.
Can I come closer?
Okay.
You don't have to do anything.
You can just let it happen.
I studied the body
of ordinary people.
Men or women. in the same way.
I'm often complimented for my art.
Before proceeding to the main attraction. a certain
amount of licking has to be performed by each person.
Azuma. don't do that!
You can let go!
You like it?
You didn't get excited while
doing it...
I'm happy to pleasure you
but it just fulfills me mentally.
Is there something I can do for you?
Please. break my finger.
What?
Just when it's about to break.
there's a surge of pleasure.
I broke this pinky twice already.
Can you help me?
But what should I do?
Just bend it backwards.
You must bend it all the way down.
You're serious.
Do it for me.
Yes. harder! That's great!
More!
Ryo. please!
- Do you need ice?
- No!
It's gonna swell for a couple
of hours. It'll be amazing!
Ryo. thank you!
Oolong tea. please.
No class notes.
I just wanted to see you.
It's free. right?
And you?
I'm fine.
Alright.
I held you in high esteem
but I was wrong.
Shinyo told me everything.
An ex-colleague told me.
He works for Madam Shizuka too.
He talked about that amazing
new boy they had.
You're selling yourself to cougars.
That's prostitution!
You're disgusting!
You're right...
I'm a call boy.
You're a host in a club yourself!
It's a shame about your studies.
Studies are boring!
Who are you to judge?
And becoming a call boy is seriously
your solution?
It gives me a sense of fulfillment.
even if the job has no glamor.
That woman who employs you...
Is she that great?
She's taking advantage of you!
She made you believe it's a
pleasant way to earn money.
- She's probably a freak. anyway.
- Enough!
I never slept with her.
I never even considered it.
Just like I wouldn't sleep with you.
We're not the same.
Surely. there must be another
path for you.
You're an ordinary person living
with the wolves in the night.
Excuse me.
Are you Ryo?
Today is my birthday.
Do you know how old I am?
About sixty?
I'm seventy today.
I can read people just
by holding their hand.
You're a good person.
Tell me your story.
Anything you want.
I want to hear your story.
Well...
Earlier.
I had a fight with my friends.
They heard about my job.
They said I was depraved.
But I want to do it a little longer.
I want to fathom my own depths.
I want to see it through to the end.
Until recently. I used to think that
all the women in world were boring.
But I changed. and I owe it all
to one woman.
Maybe I'm only seeking her approval.
So nice.
You had an orgasm?
At my age. your simple words alone
triggered it.
How precious a hand can be...
And your hand is good.
It's coming again.
Another orgasm?
Hi.
- Where's Sakura?
- She's out.
Ryo. you're working so hard.
You and Azuma are competing
for first place in our club.
Thank you. Madam.
I'd like to reward you somehow.
Tell me what you want?
Anything?
Would you go out with me?
You said I could ask anything.
I'm old enough to be your mother.
- For me now. dating younger men...
- Who cares about age?
You of all people should know.
Ryo!
Stop this.
Why did you stop me?
You taught me to love women and sex.
Please.
you can ask for anything else.
But I can't have sex with you.
I'm truly sorry.
Hello. this is Club Passion.
What time and place would suit you?
Okay.
Very well then.
An assignment. They asked for you.
Once more.
Could I take the passion test again?
Sorry to bother you. Sakura.
Could I take the test again like
when I first arrived here?
You'd know how I have matured.
I'd like you to see.
I'm fine with it.
Please grant Ryo his wish.
Okay.
Ryo.
When you're finished.
you'll take the test.
Excuse me.
I was waiting. Ryo.
What do you mean?
I am your client today.
Is that how you
address your clients?
You don't need to do
this to talk to me.
See life bustling in the sunlight...
There. our friends and family strive.
but you chose the realm of the night.
That's what you said. right?
"It gives me a sense of fulfillment.
even if the job has no glamor."
So. would you find
fulfillment with my body?
I didn't expect you
to be so expensive.
I had to pay a month's
salary to have you.
Show me how good you are.
- What are you trying to prove?
- I did it with your friend. Shinyo.
A call boy should be
better than a host boy.
Sex is your trade after all!
Come on. do your job!
Do your job!
My feet are dirty.
Don't!
You can come.
- I need a condom.
- Raw is fine. Hurry!
- This is a rule in my job.
- Don't make me repeat myself!
Ryo!
I loved you from the first day.
But I get it now.
We don't live in the same world.
You are shining in your world.
Calm down.
You can still come to the bar.
As long as you wish...
The drinks will always be free.
I just finished.
Let's go.
It seems that Sakura
really likes you.
Don't nurture any hopes about me.
Please date her from now on.
A long time ago.
I did this job myself.
I conceived Sakura
with one of my clients.
But that man immediately broke up with
me when he saw that she was deaf.
I was desperate.
When she was all grown up. she
offered to help me with the club.
Of course. I refused.
She wouldn't take no for an answer.
And so. she looked for what
she could do.
All of this because
of my sickness...
I am HIV positive.
Even with all the precautions.
there's always a risk of infection.
I had to muster all my restraint
to stop you today.
I wanted to take the passion test again
to show you how much I love you.
Ryo...
Let me see how you make love.
Sakura!
Madame Shizuka!
Mom...
Sakura?
Dear Ryo...
Club Passion was
reported to the police.
Even as you are reading this letter.
I am probably being interrogated.
All the data and records have
been destroyed. so be at peace.
There is something you should know.
I hesitate to tell you. but I think
you'll definitely want to know.
An acquaintance at a club in Yokohama told me
that your mother works there as a prostitute.
She fell in a busy
street on her way home.
But now. Ryo. I don't think that
you will blame your mother.
I don't think you'll
resent or despise her.
You. Ryo. and your mother. Sakura
and I. we all share this bond.
Maybe. you'll find this ridiculous. but
I believe we were destined to meet.
I don't know how my
illness will progress.
But I hope that one day the three
of us will be able to live together.
- Mido Shizuka.
Excuse me.
I am Ryo from Club Passion.
It's been a year.
Today. would you listen to my story?
Yes.
He's probably in heaven now.
My husband died ten years ago.
He visits me here every year.
on my birthday.
Look there.
Outside the window.
He's looking at me.
He and I. we made love here.
for the first time.
You want to have real sex?
As I grew older.
I began having trouble getting wet.
This will ease the penetration.
Then let's do it.
I missed you.
Yes. we just reopened.
Really? I'm looking forward to it!
When?
Alright. it will be a pleasure.
Madame Shizuka. I'm finished now.
Tori Matsuzaka
Sei Matobu
Ami Tomite
Kenta Izuka
Yuki Sakurai
Yu Koyanagi
Erika Mabuchi
Yuri Ogino
Kokone Sasaki
Mai Ohtani
Ruri Shinato
Tokuma Nishioka
Kyoko Enami
Written and Directed by
Daisuke Miura
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm